Well, let's go ahead and check out the solution for how to do the point cloud separation.
So this is how I did it,
and what I did here is I have this PointCloud<PointT>,
I'm doing that for both new obstacle cloud and a plane cloud.
So I'm just creating this new pcl::PointCloud<PointT>: for both of those,
and then I want to be able to film up.
So for that plane cloud,
I'm passing in the inliers,
and so I'm calling this function down below here,
so in this segment plane,
I'm actually going to be setting my seg result.
It's going to be equal to whatever separate clouds functions give me back,
which is that pair of point clouds,
and I'm going to give it the inliers that I just generated and I'm going to
give it the point cloud that we're working from as our reference.
Now that it has that information, what I'm going to do,
is when I'm generating this plane cloud,
I'm just going to go ahead and iterate through it.
We're seeing that inlier it's a vector of ints,
so we can go ahead and iterate through it like this and grab that index,
and then we can go ahead and for that plane cloud,
we can grab its members variable.
That's just a vector of a point T,
and we can do a push-back on it,
and we're going to grab from the cloud,
our reference cloud, we're going to grab its member points,
and then just grab that point T that lies at that index.
Then we're going to do that for all the inliers.
So all the inliers,
all the indices from our point cloud that belong to
the plane are going to be pushed into our plane cloud.
Next, I'm going to be generating the obstacle cloud,
and here I'm just going to do something that was very similar
to that PCL documentation for a segmentation,
which was using that extract object,
so here and then I'm using a point T,
because of my template, and basically all you need to give it is,
"Hey, here's the reference cloud."
Then here are the inliers,
and I set it to negative,
so I set negative true,
and then, "Hey here's that obstacle cloud."
So the obstacle cloud was a pointer,
so I go ahead and de-reference it when I pass it into filter.
What's that's going to do is in our reference cloud,
all the points that are not the inliers are kept.
The inlier points are removed from that reference cloud,
so now it's just the obstacles,
everything besides the plane cloud.
Now all I have to do is go ahead and return the results.
So I have that seg result,
and before it was cloud,
but now it's going to be returning that obstacle cloud that I just
instantiated and I generate all the points that it needs,
and it's also going to have that plane cloud.
So the first one's obstacle cloud,
and then plane cloud.
Then that's what my separate cloud function is going to return for us,
and so after it calls that separate cloud,
it has the pair and it's going to just be able to return that for that seg result,
because down here in the segment plane,
that seg result is equal to what that separate clouds was outputting.
So I'm going to go ahead and save that,
and I'm ready to go back into environment.CPP now,
and basically just do what the classroom was showing,
and I'm going to call that point processor segment plane.
Now, here I'm just doing dull because I was
just instantiating the point processor on the stack.
If you do it on the heap instead,
you use that arrow indicator,
and then the segment plane is going to be using the input cloud and I'm just
going to try out a 100 iterations for the max iterations,
and I'm going to try a distance threshold of 0.2,
and that's going to create our pair,
and we're calling that segment cloud.
Now for rendering it,
I'm just going to grab that first element of the segment cloud,
which is that obstacle cloud,
that was the first element,
and then the second element is going to be the plane cloud,
and then for the color,
I'm just going to make sure that the optimal cloud is red,
and then the plane cloud is going to be green.
So here, I had everything set up environment.CPP.
I'm calling that segment plane Function,
and I'm going to go ahead and try building this.
One other thing I probably want to do right here
is I don't want to render the original point cloud.
We could see what it looks like I guess,
but be nicer if that was turned off,
because right now if I do environment maybe it just overlapped it actually,
but that original render cloud is just going to be white,
but it looks like it wrote over it.
So that's nice.
So we can see our plane cloud in green,
and we can see our obstacle cloud in red now, awesome,
because basically, later down the pipeline,
we can feed in the obstacle point cloud,
ones that belonged to the car,
and do some more clustering on it, so very cool.
This is basically the segmentation process at work right here,
and now we're actually ready to actually
start diving into how this works more specifically,
and you're going to be implementing RANSAC from scratch.